# Mileage Log Plus - Privacy Policy

Effective date: January 8th, 2020.

Adarsh Sridhar ("us", "we", or "our") operates the **Mileage Log Plus** mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "App").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data. The Privacy Policy for Mileage Log Plus has been created with the help of [Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/).

We use your data to provide and improve the App. By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

## Definitions

* **App**: App is the **Mileage Log Plus** mobile application operated by Adarsh Sridhar.
* **Personal Data**: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
* **Usage Data**: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the App or from the App infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* **Cookies**: Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our App.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that could be used to identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
limited to:

* Names or descriptions of your vehicle(s).
* Details of fuel fill-ups (e.g. odometer, date, location) or vehicle service (provider, maintenance details).

Such Personal Data is stored on your mobile device, and is not transmitted outside the mobile application unless you choose to export the data to your chosen destination using the *Export* functionality built into the app.

#### Usage Data

When you access the App by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, and other diagnostic and aggregated, anonymize analytics data ("Usage Data").

#### Debugging Logs

As you use the App, anonymized debugging logs are generated and stored on your mobile device. These logs are only sent to us, via email, if you choose to report an issue in the app.

You have the ability to remove debugging logs prior to your sending us the email; however, our ability to diagnose and assist will be significantly diminished if the debugging information is not available.

### Use of Data  

Mileage Log Plus uses the collected data for various purposes:

* To provide and maintain the App
* To provide customer care and support
* To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the
    App
* To monitor the usage of the App
* To detect, prevent and address technical issues

### Transfer Of Data  

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and
maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Mileage Log Plus will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Legal Requirements

Mileage Log Plus may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief
that such action is necessary to:

* To comply with a legal obligation
* To protect and defend the rights or property of Mileage Log Plus
* To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the
    App
* To protect the personal safety of users of the App or the public
* To protect against legal liability

As an European citizen, under GDPR, you have certain individual rights. You can learn more about these guides in the [GDPR
Guide](https://termsfeed.com/blog/gdpr/#Individual_Rights_Under_the_GDPR).

### Security of Data  

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Service Providers

We may use third party software libraries, or employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our App ("Service Providers"), to perform App-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our App is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers, such as [Visual Studio App Center](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/app-center/), to monitor and analyze the use of our App.

## Links to Other Sites  

Our App may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy  

Our App does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: mileagelog-ios@outlook.com.
